About the NCLI 0.2

The NCLI (Netfart Criminal Intent License for Software of Dubious
Legality) is an Open Source License derived from the BSD License
(http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php). The intent of the
NCLI is to finally invite into the Open Source Ecosystem those software
developers who, while believing in FLOSS principles, are in industries
and niches which Open Source has not yet reached out to. We would like
to enable more producers of malware such as phishers, scammers,
spammers, illegal gambling site operators and botnet proprietors to join
the Open Source community and allow other up and coming malware
developers to learn and benefit from the experience gained by their
predeccesors.

For Open Source to truly reach ubiquity we must address all the
industries where proprietary software reigns supreme, and few industries
are more dependent on proprietary and often bespoke solutions than the
malware industry.

The NCLI hopes to introduce some new legal devices into the Open Source
realm, including "ambiguous complicity" and other features that
introduce fuzziness into the legal framework of Open Source. We hope
these features enable the users of this license to share their illicit
code without the pesky hassle of getting thrown in jail.

We also recognize the irony in creating a legal framework intended for
the enforcement of agreements between criminals but you know what they
say about honour amongst thieves...

The NCLI is currently a usable draft, we hope to expand it in version
0.3 to include even more legalistic hyperbole that will make it an even
safer haven for the criminally minded.

About Netfart:

Netfart was founded in 2009 with the launch of the NCLI 0.2 licensed
Phishy CMS, an Open Source Framework for designing and deploying
Phishing sites with ease. Phishy CMS is currently the market leader in
dedicated, Open Source Phishing Solutions.