----- README ------

Netfart.com Phishy CMS 0.0.0.1 ("Singing, Battery Operated, Plastic Big
Mouth Bass Whose Full Name We Cannot Use Since It Is A Registered
Trademark") 21 March 2009

This is the README file for Phishy CMS, the Open Source Phishing
Platform. It includes installation instructions, descriptions of options
you can set, warnings, tips, and general info for administrators.
Information on using Phishy CMS can be found in this document and if it
can't, well, tough break.

About =====

Phishy CMS (pronounced "Phishy CMS") is a Free and Open Source Phishing
platform. It enables you, the average Phisher, to deploy an
enterprise-class framework which painlessly implements both killer
features of a good Phishing Framework, namely, user/pass input and
skinability.

License =======

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the Netfart.com CI License ("Netfart.com Criminal
Intents License for Software of Dubious Legality v 0.1" or NCIL),
derived from the popular BSD license and available at
netfart.com/license.

In case you are one of those smart enough to have kept on reading rather
than visiting the license page (since everyone ignores the license
anyhow, particularly the criminals who are our intended audience) we
have decided to include the NCIL right here smack dab in t3h middle of
your README:

* Copyright (c) 2009, Netfart.com * All rights reserved. * *
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without *
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

*     * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright *
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. *  
 * Redistributions in binary form, must reproduce the above copyright

*       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
the *       documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. *     * Redistribution and use will be only used for
research, criminal activities,

*       scamming and/or any other activity which will equally distribute
wealth. *     * You must cause the software to provide, when running, a
link to a valid source *       code of software, including all
modifications and/or amendments added to source

*       code, which will be made available to the end users of software.
*     * Neither the name of the Netfart nor the *       names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products *       derived
from this software without specific prior written permission.

* * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY NETFART ''AS IS'' AND ANY * EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED *
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE

* DISCLAIMED. MOREOVER, NETFART HEREBY SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT SOFTWARE
WILL * DAMAGE YOUR COMPUTER AND YOU SHOULD NOT RUN IT IN ANY CASE. IN NO
EVENT SHALL * NETFART BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,

* OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, * (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;LOSS OF USE, DATA (AND IT
WILL BE LOST), OR PROFITS; * OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED
AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN

* CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN * ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY * OF SUCH DAMAGE.

New this version ================

Don't be a smartass; everything is fucking new in this version. Whaddaya
think? We called it"0.0.0.1" just for shits and giggles?

Prerequisites =============

The following software packages are *required* for this software to run
correctly.

Windows:
- PHP
- MySQL
- Minesweeper

OS X:
- PHP
- MySQL
- iTunes

Linux/BSD/HPUX/PLAN9/SYMBIAN SMARTPHONES/ANALYTICAL ENGINE
- PHP
- MySQL
- sudo

iPhone
- Cut and Paste
- Lol
- Buy symbian

Installation ============

Installing the basic Phishy Platform is really easy. It's one freaking
file.

you could unpack the tarball like so:

tar zxf phishycms-0.0.0.1.tar.gz

...which will make a phishycms subdirectory in your current directory.
(If you don't have shell access on your Web server, you may have to
unpack the tarball on your local computer and FTP the files to the
server.)

Or, if you're lazy (second vice we can pin on you with a high degree of
confidence, Mr. or Mrs. Phishy McPhisherson!) just stick the file
index.php in your site's root.

But wait! There's more!

You'll need to create a database with a table in it with 2 entire
fields. One called "usern" and the other called "passw". If you can't
pull that off without further instructions then you aren't really all
that worthy of all the money you intend on scamming poor little widows
out of anyhow.

Fancy URLs ----------

Since we only use one file, fancy URLs are more or less baked in. Just
rename index.php to whatever floats your boat and point your HTACCESS at
it. Easy as March 14th.

Features ---

Phishy CMS has two special features that make it ideal for all your
phishing endeavors:

1. A login box with "username", "password" and "submit" functionality.
2. A fully skinnable interface to emulate the bank/insurance
company/brokerage or online auction site of your choice.

We believe that these features will empower any prospective afficianado
of the phishing lifestyle by giving them the complete featureset
required for phishing, straight out of the box (you can refer to it as a
"batteries-included phishing framework" even though we wouldn't).

Sitemaps --------

Feel free to include a sitemap on your site.

Themes ------

"Themes" are generally provided by stealing the generated HTML and CSS
from the site you're ripping off. Please contact the nearest Nigerian
Prince for details.

We have opted to use a table rather than DIV based approach to UI
enablement so as to retain backwards compatibility with older sites you
may wish to troll. Use of DIVs is possible but keep in mind that the
custom CSS you hijack from whatever site you're trolling may break the
DIVs. Also, please keep in mind that your site will look like crap in IE
no matter what, that really isn't our fault yet we apologize
nevertheless.

Along with the use of tables we have commited multiple other atrocities
which will be quite evident from the code. This was a design goal (build
CMS in less than ten minutes by duct-taping code snippets from the
internet so we could go out and have a beer while discussing the
particulars of this README and the truly awesome NCIL that accompanies
it and if you have a problem with runon sentences then fuck you.)

Translation -----------

We have hardcoded hebrew straight into the code. Yes, we're douches, but
so are our prospective users; we haven't exactly been trying to avoid
dick moves :/

Backups -------

You won't need to backup the system. Google and Microsoft will blacklist
you within hours of launch, your system will not likely have enough time
to fail.

Upgrading =========

If we ever release a newer version we would highly recommend you install
it.

Planned Features for version 0.0.0.2 ("3 Eyed Radioactive Fish From The
Simpsons"):

- Backdoor for us to see your shit
- UI Enhancements: Frames, <BLINK>

Feedback ========

Must you? Really?

Mascot ========

Our mascot, a green clownfish called çlêtànoníjìbìtìëtànèrúaiyedèrú is
in the national colours of Nigeria, his nickname (for pronunciation
purposes) is "409".

Credits =======

We'd rather not be personally associated with this project for reasons
of taste and complicity.
